Hurry up
Hurry up for me
Delayed the attack
I don't want to mention a penny
I can't carry it and come to the construction site to work hard
Lao Tzu is out of money
I don't know what that means.
Moving cement at the construction site
He also sent his daughter to a noble school
Hey, isn't this Song Yang?
Why are you still moving cement here?
You, your ex-wife with the title
Went to school to rob your daughter
You fool!
Hahahaha
Little fish
Did you have a good class at school today?
You are so nice
come
This is what mom sold you.
have children
Put your daughter down
Dad?
Song Yao, you came just in time
From today onwards, he belongs to my mother
Nonsense he's my daughter
Do you deserve your daughter?
You are a migrant worker who moves bricks on a construction site
How much money can you make?
I live like a dog
Even if you send him to this noble school
Isn't he still the daughter of migrant workers?
Ask him if he is willing to live a hard life with you.
Are you still willing to enjoy glory and wealth with me?
Mom, don't say that, dad
What choice is there?
Of course it's fun with us
Even if you sell your blood and fight for my life
I want my daughter to go to a better school.
It doesn't matter if I live like a dog
My daughter will be well-fed
Life
How much is your life worth?
It's not that I look down on you
Even if you work hard all your life
Can't compare to Lao Tzu's finger
Today, open your dog eyes and see clearly.
From now on, I will be his father
Go to hell
Dad, don't hit my dad
Don't hit my dad
Little fish